java cDigital Marketing StrategyAssessment 2: Online Media Campaign
Client Overview Operating in the restaurant and bar industry, Spritz Spizzicheria (2016) utilises locally sourced ingredients to deliver its consumers with quality Italian cuisines in a cordial, old-school dining atmosphere. That includes, but is not limited to, pizza, pastas, traditional sides, and alcoholic beverages. Restaurant owners, Mario Tolardo and Franco Tambasco’s substantial experience operating within the restaurant industry reflect their ability to go above and beyond in satisfying their consumers (Spritz n.d.). Spritz’s mission statement tells (Spritz n.d.):“The spirit that makes people spontaneously come together and enjoy each other’s company”Located in Mount Hawthorn (approximately 10 minutes from Perth CBD), Spritz’s strategic business units are identified as:1. Online ordering-pick up2. Catering services3. Take-away menu4. Vegetarian menuSpritz’s unique selling points are identified as:1. Outdoor terrace seating area2. Central, accessible location3. Family-friendly dining4. Multiple ordering and contact methodsSpritz’s active strategic marketing efforts are currently limited. However, their various owned media channels, website, Instagram, and Facebook are effective to give online consumers key information regarding their brand. That is, opening hours, restaurant updates, ordering methods, contacts, and various still images of the restaurant’s operations. This relative information exposed on their online channels appeals to their time-conscious, convenience valued consumers. Spritz’s are rated 4.7 stars by 1 105 reviewers on Google, emulating a reputable presence. Likewise, their Instagram and Facebook are supported by 5 835 and 8 100 followers, respectively.Upon analysing their website’s SEO, the SEO audit revealed their SEO score to be 74% optimized, below the average score of 78% (refer to figure 1.) (SEO Site Checkup n.d). Key issues identified per this audit were the slow speed of loading main webpage contents, lack of meta. descriptions, and lack of keywords (such as: online order, takeaway, or menu) in their HTML tags (SEO Site Checkup n.d). Therefore, collating these issues alongside the attentiveness of their other online channels, Spritz’s online channels are limited in visibility and reach, directing attention for methods to increase their website traffic.  Market Analysis The restaurant industry in Australia is competitive (Statista 2023). Presently worth $15.7 billion in Australia, the restaurant industry is expected to grow annually by 4.68%, despite the depth of competition (Statista 2023). Given so, identified competitors for Spritz include Ciao Italia, Pappagallo, and Ischia Restaurant. These Italian restaurants pose as a threat due to their similar service offerings and location amongst Spritz. Leveraging digital tools and establishing an active online presence will aim to distinguish them amongst competitors, hence the appropriation of Google Ads.AdWords Strategy The adgroups to be campaigned via Google Ads, for Spritz, are website online ordering, restaurant ambience, authentic Italian cuisine, and bar and drinks variety.  SettingRationaleTypeSearchGoalWebsite Traffic To actively utilise online channels ObjectiveIncrease website traffic by 20% between the start of November 2023 to the end of February 2024Increase visibility of Spritz’s website to attract potential interest and salesCampaign NameSpritz: Website Traffic NetworksSearch NetworkTo appear upon user’s search resultsSchedule5 days Peak profit period, holiday period, educational commitment breaks Geo TargetingPerth CityLocated in Mount Hawthorn (central location), seek to target whole of PerthAudience SegmentDemo: married, parents, millennialsAffinity: Food and dining, regularly dining out, family-focused
In-market: restaurant delivery and takeout These settings reflect our target audience: local millennials of a medium social status and engagement, value quality time and authentic experiences, struggle with external commitments TargetingObservationAnalyse audience segment among general population, provides insight and ensures segment is maximising returnBudget$100 Divided by 4 adgroups, determined by manual CPC by forecasted results Bidding Maximum spend per clickExpensive to run campaign with popular keywords, set out maximum spend per adgroup
1.Website Online-Ordering
Rationale This Ad group concentrates mainly on increasing the restaurants’ online ordering services. The purpose of this Ad group is to advertise to a targeted audience making it more relevant to potential clients for Spritz.
Text Ad SubstanceRationaleHeadline
Spritz Spizzicheria- Popular Italian Food- Order Online
Showcases brand identity, features exact match phrases, and caters for convenience.
Description
Includes restaurant times, location, and a catch phrase
Highlights unique selling point and creates appetite appeal.
Sitelinks
Our Menu, Online Order and Contact Us
Each have individual, specific landing pages, used to enhance online interactions and click-through rate.Callout
Mobile contact link and menu
To initiate immediate action.
KeywordsThe keywords for this adgroup focuses on boosting the number of online orders (refer to figure 2.). Spritz may be able to connect with a broader and greater varied market by using wide-ranging phrases. These phrases enable the adverts to show up for a variety of relevant key phrases, which can improve the exposure of the eatery.
ConclusionWe have high hopes for this Google ad campaign's effectiveness over the subsequent five days. We are prepared to attract the interest of our intended demographic and increase interaction with a carefully produced ad headline and description. The projection 代 写Digital Marketing Strategy Assessment 2: Online Media CampaignMatlab
代做程序编程语言indicates that our conversion rate (CTR) which has produced 47 clicks from 800 impressions and stands impressively at 5.9%, will continue to rise, as shown in figure 3. We're convinced that as more individuals learn about the ease of purchasing our well-known Italian cuisine online, the efficacy of our campaign will rise. 
2. Ambiance RationaleGiven Spritz operates within the restaurant and bar industry, its restaurant atmosphere plays a significant role in inviting consumers to indulge in its offerings. Thus, ambiance was identified as an adgroup to campaign for. Spritz presently highlight the restaurant’s cordial and family-friendly atmosphere and history via there ‘about’ page on their website.Text AdsThe landing URL directs to https://spritzitalian.com.au/about/. Respective landing page most accurately reflects the cordial culture, ambience, and history of the restaurant.Substance Rationale 
HeadlineSpritz SpizzicheriaFamily-friendly Italian DiningPassionate Italian DiningFeatures broad match keywords, and restaurant name for identification ease
Description“From 148 Scarborough Beach Rd, Mount Hawthorn”, “serving you authentic Italian cuisine in a welcoming ambient environment”, “the spirit that makes people spontaneously come together and enjoy each other’s company”, “contact us now”Applies broad match keywords, highlights unique selling point
SitelinksRefer to figure 4. in appendices Each have individual, specific landing pages, used to improve CTR 
Callout Refer to figure 5. in appendices To initiate immediate action Keywords Given the campaign’s goal is strategized towards to increasing website traffic, broad matched key words have been primarily used to increase Spritz’s website visibility among users for search optimization (refer to figure 6.). This is most appropriate with respects to the limited budget in which the campaign operates by. ConclusionThe respective adgroup aims to drive traffic to Spritz’s website. Per the five-day forecast, it is estimated that the adgroup will generate a CTR of 7.2% (refer to figure 7.) (Google Ads n.d.), above the average CTR for the hospitality industry of 4.68% (Irvine, 2023). The designed text ad is 99.1% optimised (refer to figure 8.) (Google Ads n.d.), allowing Spritz to increase search optimisation. While the campaign primarily pushes for website traffic, in hopes, it will encourage users to indulge in Spritz’s restaurant offerings, proposing recommendation for it to be ran.3. Authentic Italian Cuisine RationaleThis adgroup is tailored to showcase Spritz’s authentic Italian experience. The focus of this ad is to entice potential customers by promoting the authentic food and dining experience. This will help improve our website traffic as it caters to customers seeking additional information on this dining opportunity. Our authentic Italian experience offers customers a range of traditional Italian dishes such as a range of pizzas and pastas.Text AdThe landing page Spritz’s homepage on their website. On the homepage of Spritz’s website, individuals are opted to access the menu, contact details, about section, and most importantly the order online experience offered by Spritz.

Substance
Rationale
Headline
Spritz Spizzicheria
Delicious Italian Cuisine
Presents authentic experience through delicious Italian cuisine.
Features broad match keywords, as well as restaurants name for better identification
Description
Open now for dine – in. Walk-in seating only. No reservations. Order online no. Get notified when your order is ready
Applies broad match keywords, highlights restaurants unique selling point
Grants customers brief information on how easy and quick it is to order online
Sitelinks
Refer to figure 9. 
Order online option is to immediately attract customers into ordering from the restaurant.
Menu option is for more uncertain customers who may wish to view our food selection
Callout
Call (08) 9444 3839
To initiate immediate actionKeywordsAs displayed in figure 10., the broad match keywords embedded in the adgroup are targeted towards Spritz’s unique selling point of an authentic Italian experience. Customers who view the ad will be greeted with sitelinks to ease their customer journey (figure 9). These sitelinks lead specifically to Spritz’s menu and their online ordering service to make customers purchase decisions quick and easy.ConclusionFor the five-day forecast, this adgroup is estimated to generate a CTR of 4.7% (refer to figure 11). This CTR is slightly above the industry average CTR of 4.68% and is maintained within our budget over the course of five days (Irvine 2023). While we only achieve two conversions from the adgroup, we managed to average 25 clicks with 521 impressions. This will help our group achieve our goal of increasing Spritz website traffic by 20%.4. Bar and Drinks 
RationaleSpritz is known for their signature drinks such as the Aperol Spritz, brewed coffee and other in-house mixed beverages. Currently, the online website does not mention or advertise and publish beverage menu. The adgroup was strategised as it fits to the cultural activities that take place in that area and provides the target market options to have a unique dining experience. 
Text Ad 
KeywordsThe keywords used express the variety of beverage options to customers, which is seen with words “Authentic Italian beverages and Italian café” (refer to figure 12.). Both of these broad match and phrase match keywords specify what is expected from the restaurant. Location is also mentioned with the keywords as it draws customers to the suburb of restaurant. This is seen with keywords such as “Aperivto Bar in Perth” and “bar and wine Perth”.




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp
